Update android-authentication.mdx (#32)
mirrorworld-universe/docs.mirrorworld.fun: data/android/android-authentication.mdx

# Mirror World Android SDK

Mirror World's Official Android SDK

## Getting started

> Create a developer account at <https://app.mirrorworld.fun>. Create project and create an API Key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a developer account on the [Developer dashboard](https://app.mirrorworld.fun). Create project and create an API Key.
```

## Import SDK

*Notice:
The minimum version that SDK requires is Android 4.4.*

1.  Download and uncompress [Mirror World Android SDK](https://github.com/mirrorworld-universe/mirrorworld-sdk-android/releases/tag/v0.1.0).
2.  Put the mirrorsdk.aar under folder 'libs'.If there is no libs folder,you may create one.
    ![image](https://internal-api-drive-stream.feishu.cn/space/api/box/stream/download/v2/cover/boxcnm7QhYooAjDdWrAZYp8zB2e/?fallback_source=1\&height=1280\&mount_node_token=doxcnIIeWAQW8ESeiGush255kXd\&mount_point=docx_image\&policy=equal\&width=1280)
3.  Add configeration to build.gradle:

> 

Reviewer: @SuQiang2007 This is where the error si coming from
